Added docs for development (#195)
broadinstitute/cromshell: developer_docs/addtests.md

            ("foo"),
            ("Failed"),
        ],
    )
    def test_get_hello_world_using_parametrize(self, y: str):

        assert my_new_command.get_hello_world() != y
```

There are some key things to note in the template above:
- Pytest is imported to use pytest features such as parametrizing a test function, 
and creating and importing fixtures. 
- The command being tested is also imported to give us access to the functions to test. 
- A class is created to house all tests functions, the name of the class will need to 
start with “Test” followed by the name of the command in camelcase.
- The test function names should be labeled with the name of the function to be tested, 
and sometimes an additional description in the name to help distinguish functions with 
more than one test. (e.g. test_format_metadata_params_**subworkflows_flag** and 
test_format_metadata_params_**exclude_keys_flag**)
- The second function in the template above shows an example of the pytest parametrize 
feature, refer to the [docs](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/parametrize.html) for details

Note:
- You may need mock data for your tests, refer to [mockdata.md](../developer_docs/mockdata.md)

> - You may to run the tests while your developing them, the instructions are in [runtests.md](../developer_docs/runtests.md) 

Author: ```suggestion
- You may want to test the test scripts as you create them, the instructions to run tests are in [runtests.md](../developer_docs/runtests.md) but the easiest way to run a single unit test is via pytest (e.g. `pytest test_my_new_command.py`)
```
